So we got the axis refresh token.
Now let's get the authenticated user.
Let's go to the home and let's adhere to a setup in the here.
Let's create a message which this message will be displayed here in the helo.
And instead of reactive, we will use ref.
So let's import the ref from view.
And the difference between reactive and ref is that the ref can be used on one variable and reactive
can be used on multiple variables.
So the message well, the default message here is you are not logged in and I will return this message.
In the end, I will display it here.
And if we sit here, uh, I forgot, uh, to add another one.
So double, double curly braces.
And it's saying you are not logged in.
Uh, but when we get the authenticated user, this message should change.
And for that, we need to send the request to the back in together authenticated user.
But we won't do it directly here.
We need another function which is on mounted.
So when this component has mounted, let's import on mounted also from view.
We need to call the back and uh, this is in a synchronous function.
And here we will call active.
So we'll get the response is equal to it.
Axis.
Import taxes that get its p localhost port it thousands less API slash user and we don't need anything
else because we will send the bird token directly in the header and that's it.
In the end we will change the message and the message.
It won't be like this message is equal to new message because when we use the ref we have to use message
that value if we want to change the value here.
So that is the difference.
And now the message that value is equal to response, that the data is the user.
So what I will do right now is this all deconstruct the response and I want directly the data here in
the message that value will be equal to.
Hi.
Data.
That first name here.
Another space in the data.
That last name.
So with this we will get to the authenticated user, but still we are not authenticated as we can see.
Why is that happening?
Because probably the token expired, so we have to log in again and we can see.
Hi.
So it's working.
We are getting the authenticated user, but still as we can see, in 30 seconds this will expire.
And if I refresh, we are not logged in.
To prevent that, we have to use the refresh token in the next tutorial.